README.md, before:

# About this Template

This template is provided by a senior student (as of Apr 23, 2025) in **Syntechs Robotics 6408** for use in competitive robotics. It is designed to streamline the initial setup of a new season. Specifically for teams starting out using the PROS environment, offering easy to use examples, template, and a streamlined setup process.

**Note:** This template is still under development and has not been fully tested in a live robotics environment. While it compiles, it may require further adjustments or testing to ensure full functionality. Please feel free to use it, but be aware that some parts might not be fully operational yet. 

Feel free to use and modify this template for your own Robotics projects. Good luck on your Robotics Journey.

## Included Libraries/Functionality
**Libraries**
- ***`PROS`*** : The core library that provides the foundation for interacting with hardware. [PROS Documentation](https://pros.cs.purdue.edu/v5/)
- ***`LemLib`*** : A library that simplifies many tasks in Robotics. [LemLib Documentation](https://lemlib.readthedocs.io/en/stable/index.html)
- ***`Robodash`*** : A library that adds an autonomous selector, logging, and images without the need for an SD card. [Robodash Documentation](https://robodash.readthedocs.io/en/latest/index.html)

**Additional Functionality**
- ***`Toggles`*** : An easy toggle function for pistons via `entity::Piston`. Check `hardware.cpp` and its respective header file to learn how to use them. Also, check out `solenoid.cpp` for examples on how to run them.

## Additional information
This template is *not* intended for developers who want a quick, no-effort solution. While it simplifies the setup process, you may still need to familiarize yourself with the libraries and tools included (such as PROS, LemLib, and Robodash). 

For issues related to PROS, LemLib, or Robodash, please refer to their official documentation or community for support. I will be happy to assist with questions related to the additional functionality included in this template.

### Made in Canada 🇨🇦

Commit message:

chore: added disclaimer to README

README.md, after:

# About this Template

This template is provided by a senior student (as of Apr 23, 2025) in **Syntechs Robotics 6408** for use in competitive robotics. It is designed to streamline the initial setup of a new season. Specifically for teams starting out using the PROS environment, offering easy to use examples, template, and a streamlined setup process.

**Note:** This template is still under development and has not been fully tested in a live robotics environment. While it compiles, it may require further adjustments or testing to ensure full functionality. Please feel free to use it, but be aware that some parts might not be fully operational yet. 

Feel free to use and modify this template for your own Robotics projects. Good luck on your Robotics Journey.

## Included Libraries/Functionality
**Libraries**
- ***`PROS`*** : The core library that provides the foundation for interacting with hardware. [PROS Documentation](https://pros.cs.purdue.edu/v5/)
- ***`LemLib`*** : A library that simplifies many tasks in Robotics. [LemLib Documentation](https://lemlib.readthedocs.io/en/stable/index.html)
- ***`Robodash`*** : A library that adds an autonomous selector, logging, and images without the need for an SD card. [Robodash Documentation](https://robodash.readthedocs.io/en/latest/index.html)

**Additional Functionality**
- ***`Toggles`*** : An easy toggle function for pistons via `entity::Piston`. Check `hardware.cpp` and its respective header file to learn how to use them. Also, check out `solenoid.cpp` for examples on how to run them.

## Disclaimer
This template is *not* intended for developers who want a quick, no-effort solution. While it simplifies the setup process, you may still need to familiarize yourself with the libraries and tools included (such as PROS, LemLib, and Robodash). 

For issues related to PROS, LemLib, or Robodash, please refer to their official documentation or community for support. I will be happy to assist with questions related to the additional functionality included in this template.

This project was created as a side project for fun, so please be aware that it's not fully polished. If you find a bug, feel free to fix it yourself and submit a pull request.

### Made in Canada 🇨🇦
